# Introduction

### Framework

This project uses two frameworks: Django and Django CMS.

Django is a web framework, developed in Python, that is designed to make creating website more structured and easy. A Django project is divided into applications, and within those applications are files that handles various functions, like handling request and responses (`views.py`) or data and behaviors (`models.py`). Django also comes with a nice admin dashboard for handling objects created by the project.

Django CMS is a CMS solution for Django, and allow users (with permissions) to create pages seamlessly, and manage content in those pages. One attractive feature is their page builder. It allows the user to place plugins onto the page that handles dynamic content.

### Database

We recommend using PostgreSQL as the choice of database management system, as it works very well with Django. Another suggestion would be MySQL, but this DBMS was not tested.

### Hosting

Django Europe is the recommended hosting, since it handle a lot of the heavy work in running a server for you. Also, the previous website is hosted on Django Europe.

### FareHarbor

FareHarbor is a third party software as a service (SaaS) that handles bookings and payments for events. Travel2change uses this software to handle the bookings for the activities hosted on their website. 

The issue with implementing FareHarbor in our project is that FareHarbor does not give out their API to anyone, unless they are a reseller. This means some of the features like sorting by dates is near impossible without a connection to the FareHarbor data server. However, we could still obtain a FareHarbor item ID to display a widget.